LARKSOIS PHARMA PVT LTD
LARKSOIS PHARMA
(Company Profile)
CORPORATE OFFICE
#06 Triveni Apts., Plot 157-160, Kharghar, New Mumbai - 410 210.
Phone +91 (0) 22-3557-3071,
www.larksois.com

-- 1 of 6 --

LARKSOIS PHARMA PVT. LTD.
#06 Triveni Apartment, Plot 157-160,
Sector 19, Kharghar, New Mumbai,
Maharshtra, India 410210.
Tel.: 022-3557 3071
Website: larksois.com
COMPANY PROFILE
Larksois Pharma Pvt. Ltd., headquartered in Mumbai, India Larksois Pharma Private
Limited is an emerging, global pharmaceutical company with proven capabilities in
the areas of product research, manufacturing & marketing.
The Company develops and markets a wide range of quality, affordable generic and
branded formulations for multiple markets across the world.
Business Mix
Over the years, Larksois Pharma has emerged as one of the growing Indian
pharmaceutical companies. Our focus was on specialty segments and simultaneously
entering the regulated and unregulated markets in Asia, Africa and South America.
We are firmly establishing our brands in each market for sustained sales. Larksois has
established strong capabilities in the international market with exports contributing a
substantial part of the total revenues.
Over the last few years, the Company's business mix has improved with most of its
revenues coming from newly developed formulations
Manufacturing
An Organizations' capabilities and objectives are strongly reflected in the product it
manufactures. The manufacturing competencies and facilities echo the ability to
implement its R&D strengths.
Larksois's manufacturing facilities, spread across India, play a critical role in enabling
the Company realize its global aspirations, benchmarked to international standards,
these facilities are approved by international regulatory agencies like US FDA, UK
MHRA, TGA Australia, WHO, and MCC South Africa. The Company has leveraged
its strong vertical integration in building a global pharmaceutical powerhouse.
Larksois has collaborated with world-class manufacturing facilities in different
countries that are equipped with state-of-the-art infrastructure. The plants have the
capacity to handle a flexible product mix and ensure quick product changeovers.
We have the capability to manufacture various dosage forms in the plants like tablets,
capsules, injections, ointments and powders.
The plants are designed to cater to the requirements of the various national and
international regulatory bodies. The facilities have been audited and approved for
compliance with international Current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) as laid
down by WHO, US FDA, UK MHRA, ANVISA BRAZIL, MCC South Africa and TGA
Australia
Delivering quality products is our topmost concern and our foremost responsibility.
Our quality control team checks each batch of every product as per the established
Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs). Modern analytical instruments for in-house
testing ensure undiluted quality and consistency. The team members are well
qualified and specially trained for the activities of the department.

-- 2 of 6 --

LARKSOIS PHARMA PVT. LTD.
#06 Triveni Apartment, Plot 157-160,
Sector 19, Kharghar, New Mumbai,
Maharshtra, India 410210.
Tel.: 022-3557 3071
Website: larksois.com
Strict controls are established to ensure that there are no lapses in the entire
manufacturing and quality check processes. Our quality assurance team monitors the
processes. They constantly update themselves on the developments in the industry
and upgrade internal parameters to make sure products of highest quality are
manufactured at the plants.
Research
Larksois Pharma is committed to research as a means of developing innovative and
effective medicines. Research drives the company's plans to evolve into a global
pharmaceutical company. A focused effort in well-defined areas and an abiding
interest in new technology are key features of research efforts. A dedicated team is
being set up towards development of novel formulations. Our R&D center is equipped
with latest laboratory equipment to formulate and develop new technological
innovations. We are working on pioneering innovation in controlled released
patentable formulations besides developing the formulations as per the requirements
of the market.
Apart from working on improving the quality standards of the existing products,
R&D is committed towards development of new formulations and Novel Drug
Delivery System. It plays a vital supportive role for other corporate functions as well
such as quality assurance and regulatory affairs.
R&D activities are cornered around three main aspects of research namely:
NDDS (New Drug Delivery System) - Involves taking an existing molecule and
modifying the delivery/release pattern for better/targeted efficacy of the product.
Formulation and Development - A team of scientists is continuously working on
newer formulations to launch as required by the respective marketing teams. With a
deadline-oriented work-profile, this team has high responsibility to ensure that it
meets the quality parameters while adhering to the time schedule. The current focus is
on developing products in the categories of Anti-HIV, Anti-Malarials, oncology,
Cardiology and Ophthalmology.
We are committed to research and development with a vision to create pathbreaking
health-care solutions. We are proud of the innovative health care products that we
bring to the market. It ensures self-reliance and stringent quality control standards
resulting in a host of innovative products.
Its focus on drug discovery and advanced drug delivery systems research has resulted
in significant progress in its Novel Drug Discovery & Development program and
development of platform technologies that are being used to develop value-added
generic pharmaceuticals. Company's strong focus on creating Intellectual Property (IP)
assets has resulted in generating revenue streams through IP. The Company's overall
research prowess enables it to master cutting edge science and technology.
Quality
The importance of quality cannot be undermined in any organization. The customers
are becoming increasingly demanding with respect to cost, quality and delivery
performance. Achieving these three require imbibing the philosophy of 'Quality

-- 3 of 6 --

LARKSOIS PHARMA PVT. LTD.
#06 Triveni Apartment, Plot 157-160,
Sector 19, Kharghar, New Mumbai,
Maharshtra, India 410210.
Tel.: 022-3557 3071
Website: larksois.com
Management' into the different levels of the organization. It has to become the very
essence of the organization. More so in the case of the pharmaceutical industry.
The Pharma industry is subject to strict quality control and scrutiny. India by far has
the largest number of USFDA approved plants, outside of US which exemplifies the
increasing focus on quality assurance of the industry.
At Larksois, we take considerable pride in the quality that we ensure and assure. Our
operations are guided by our Quality Policy. We believe that quality is the mainstay of
competitiveness. We thus constantly create an environment of Quality and
Compliance in line with the global best practices.
Quality Assurance is defined as the process of 'providing confidence that
requirements will be met through highest quality' and there after systematic activities
are put in place to ensure quality requirements for a product or service are fulfilled.
The Quality Assurance (QA) cell at Lark works as a link between research &
manufacturing for quality products for customers. It targets at ensuring that Larksois
Pharma follows a standardized common quality system ensuring consistency,
effectiveness and efficiency during the manufacture of formulations at all sites.
The QA focuses on:
Establishing Quality Standards
Developing processes to achieve those standards
Monitoring to ensure Compliance
Upgrading technology standards
Training personnel on quality aspects
The global quality team is engaged in driving the quality philosophy of the
organization and assuring that the global standards of good manufacturing are
implemented in the best form and spirit at every location during each process.
QA monitors effectiveness of site Quality organization and Manufacturing Quality
organization through periodic quality reviews, periodic audits, budgetary reviews and
review of compliance to regulatory inspections and customer audits. Quality reviews
focus on review of failures, rejections, market complaints, deviations,
noncompliance’s, product stability, various Corrective and Preventive actions
planned, productivity, cost of quality etc. QA also supports the site Quality
organization by providing necessary resources, technical guidance and training. QA
also continuously endeavors to upgrade skills and competence levels in QC / QA
function by introducing advanced technologies.
Enterprises that exemplify leadership in quality not only deliver quality products and
services, but also effectively set industry benchmarks and redefine standards for those
who share their mission. At Larksois we are constantly endeavoring to achieve
excellence.

-- 4 of 6 --

LARKSOIS PHARMA PVT. LTD.
#06 Triveni Apartment, Plot 157-160,
Sector 19, Kharghar, New Mumbai,
Maharshtra, India 410210.
Tel.: 022-3557 3071
Website: larksois.com
Our Quality Policy
The Company shall establish and maintain high standards of quality for its products
manufactured at various sites, meeting cGMP and cGLP norms.
Products shall be manufactured and marketed meeting all quality parameters related
to identity, purity, safety and efficacy through well-defined quality assurance and
validated systems.
The Company shall comply with current national and international regulations as
applicable and continuously strive for achieving stringent global standards.
Major thrust shall be given on quality up gradation and product integrity on
continuous basis to achieve higher level of customer satisfaction.
Continuous training shall be given to the employees in the organization to enhance
their skills in performing their assigned tasks.
Understand and meet the customer's expectations.
Provide Quality product to full satisfaction of the customer
Ensure value for money.
Ensure continuous business growth.
Ensure increased profitability.
Continually improve the effectiveness of Quality Management System.
Achieve continual improvement through motivated and trained work force.
Our manufacturing capability includes a wide range of therapeutic products covering
segments like
1) Anthelmintic
2) Anti-Malarial
3) Anti-Bacterial
4) Anti-Depressant
5) Anti-Histaminic
6) Anti-Diabetic
7) Anti-Spasmodic,
8) Anti-Osteoporotic
9) Anti-Fungal
10) Anesthetic,
11) Anti-Ulcerant
12) AntiTussive
13) NSAID

-- 5 of 6 --

LARKSOIS PHARMA PVT. LTD.
#06 Triveni Apartment, Plot 157-160,
Sector 19, Kharghar, New Mumbai,
Maharshtra, India 410210.
Tel.: 022-3557 3071
Website: larksois.com
14) Cardio-Vascular
15) Anxiolytic
16) Skeletal Muscle Relaxant
17) Steriods
18) Anti-Emetic
19) Other Antibiotics
20) Cardiovascular
21) Oncology
22) Ophthalmology
Going Forward
Larksois is poised to capitalize the opportunities that are set to unfurl in the global
pharmaceutical space and establish has a fast-growing Pharma company.
Our Vision
At Larksois Pharma, the only inspiration is: the concern for your health. It drives us to
develop and deliver medicines to create a healthier world.
Our Values
Sustained Performance
Integrity
Entrepreneurship
Customer Focus
Working Together
Respect

-- 6 of 6 --

